---  
title: "Not by AI badge"  
translationKey: "2026-05-not-by-ai"  
slug: "2026-05-not-by-ai"  
author: Qiran  
date: 2026-05-25  
lastmod: 2026-05-25     
cover:  
  image: "https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1c/Artificial_intelligence_prompt_completion_by_dalle_mini.jpg"  
  relative: false  
tags:   
  - Building site    
  - Life   
  - Technology   
  - AI  
---   

Recently, many graduates have been booing speakers when they mention AI or express optimism about the future of AI.

A lot of content has been generated by AI since 2022. There are even many AI-generated videos, and some TV series are being created with AI instead of being produced by human actors. This is not only happening with written content.

AI already seems to be integrated into modern life, just like the Internet. I have found that AI has really improved my efficiency, and now I can realize some features of my site very easily.

But AI still has its limitations. Its ability to recognize handwriting is still not satisfying. When I wanted to digitize my journals, I found that it could not recognize my handwriting if it was a little cursive, and there were many errors. AI also could not recognize my seal script effectively. So currently, I can only type all of my journals manually.

But the problem is that AI seems able to replace our own thinking. I found that I am gradually getting used to chatting with AI instead of writing down my own thoughts.

If I have any questions or problems, I directly ask AI to help me solve them, even before I start thinking by myself. Sometimes I think I am too eager to solve a problem or get a satisfying answer for myself, and then I become immersed in endless information instead of taking action. My brain becomes full of related information, and I cannot deal with it properly. We are giving the responsibility of making decisions to AI.

On the contrary, writing by myself is a good way of thinking. It is a very important process for our brain, instead of letting AI replace our own thinking. When we face some problems or have some ideas, it is better to think about them independently and write them down first.

In fact, I have found that many questions in our lives are not so urgent, and the quality of many questions is not very high. If I think about them more deeply, I can gradually find out what is more important in my life.

*I added a Not-by-AI badge to the posts on my site.*

I can use this site as a showcase and as a space to practice my independent thinking.

Writing can be done freely, without influence from the outside world and without any suggestions for improvement. Maybe there will be many flaws in my writing, but it is still valuable to me because it comes from me, the real me.

We can even cherish it, because there will be less and less content created by real humans in the future.

This site can be a safe corner for my pure and original mind.     
