---
title: Chapter 1-4
author: Qiran
type: post
date: 2020-09-16T05:49:06+00:00
aliases: ["/chapter-1-4/"]
categories:
  - The Four Agreements

---
### Chapter 1 {.wp-block-heading}

_True justice is paying only once for each mistake. True injustice is paying more than once for each mistake._

### The first agreement {.wp-block-heading}

**Be impeccable with your word.**  
Self-rejection is the biggest sin.  
_You can live in heaven in the middle of thousands of people living in hell because you are immune to that hell._

### The second agreement {.wp-block-heading}

**Don&#8217;t take anything personally.**  
_If you don&#8217;t take the emotional poison, it becomes even worse in the sender, but not in you._

### The third agreement {.wp-block-heading}

**Don&#8217;t make assumptions**  
You often overestimate or underestimate yourself. So gather more facts about a particular situation is more important.  
_Real love is accepting other people the way they are without trying to change them._ So then you didn&#8217;t need make any assumption about them.  
It&#8217;s better to ask them questions.

### The fourth agreement {.wp-block-heading}

**Always do your best**  
The criterion of _best_ always change.  
It&#8217;s not you &#8220;have to&#8221; or expect a reward, it&#8217;s you can intensely happy.  
_You do your best because you want to do it, not because you have to do it, not because you are trying to please the Judge, and not because you are trying to please other people._  
_Every action then becomes a ritual in which you are honoring God._  
Your thoughts needs becomes a communion with God.

If you break an agreement, begin again!
